add citation (#511)
QuEraComputing/Bloqade.jl: README.md

You can join QuEra's Slack workspace with this [link](https://join.slack.com/t/querapublic/shared_invite/zt-1d5jjy2kl-_BxvXJQ4_xs6ZoUclQOTJg). Join the `#bloqade` channel to discuss anything related to Bloqade.

## Citation

> If you use Bloqade in your research, please cite the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Bloqade for a publication, we would kindly ask you to cite our work using the following bibtex citation:
```

> We are still working on a paper for this package, but if you use Bloqade in your research, please cite the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use Bloqade in your research, please cite the following:
```
